## Assignment 02: Usability Testing

# Climate Action

Cassidy Tu | DH110 Fall '22

## Introduction
The [CalEPA](https://calepa.ca.gov/) website serves as a means for Californian citizens to easily obtain information and services involving any environmental policy or department, as well as a point of contact between the public and government officials. However, much of the overwhelming amount of information is disorganized and difficult to reach. A lot of the visual aspects of the website could be improved as well.

## Purpose
The purpose of a usability test (UT) is to gather live feedback from users by observing them while they interact with the product. This method is to test for the ease of use of the website with direct commentary from the participant and allow for analysis of their behavior, data that is not possible with a simple heuristic evaluation. I will use my previous heuristic evaluation as a starting point to conduct this UT, narrowing down the top three issues that I wanted to check with users and if they are challenging, unsatisfactory, and/or inefficient.

| Heuristic Tested | Usabiility Problem | Task Scenario |
|---|---|---|
| Flexibility and Efficiency of Use | Difficult to search information; Only one way to reach information | Search for California's Plans and Resources for climate change | 
| User Control and Freedom | Can't easily exit out forms; No final review of responses before submission | Fill out Environmental Complaint |
| Recognition Rather Than Recall | Must remember how to reach information; Information not consistently categorized together | Find information on departments under the Climate Action Team |

I conducted this pilot UT as a first round of testing, which helped fine-tune my script and timing of my usability sessions and hopefully lead to more reliable results. 

## Materials
[Pilot UT Survey](https://forms.gle/bUdpYPNmegjF7eer7)

The UT survey included the following:
* Introduction/Orientation Script
* Informed Consent
* Pre-test Questionnaire
* Task Scenarios (3)
* Post-test Questionnaire
* System Usability Scale (SUS) Questionnaire
* Product Satisfaction Cards
* Demographic Questions

[Pilot UT Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1G0SGxcQoqB2oDJH9qlCZDrpIp3WiI14i/view?usp=sharing)

The UT was moderated and recorded through Zoom, where the particpant shared their screen to display and interact with the website. The entire UT took up around 36 minutes.

## Reflection
The pilot UT I had conducted went fairly smoothly, considering it is one of the few UT sessions I have moderated. As a moderator, it is difficult to distinguish between moments were I should chime in to guide the participant and when I should stay more reserved. I found myself leaning towards the more reserved commentary side, but wondered if my lack of talkativeness was negatively affecting the participant in terms of trust and comfort. In my next UT, I will try to engage with the participant more and ask questions to invoke their thoughts and opinions, while also building a space for them to feel more comfortable.

During the third task, I noticed that the wording of the scenario and task was a bit vague. This lead to the participant to navigate to a different part of the website than I anticipated. Ultimately, I asked them to explore the rest of the website, where they had unknowingly stumbled across and completed the task that I had planned. 

Overall, I gained a lot of valuable feedback from the participant and conducting more UTs would make me feel more confident as a moderator.
